[Portuguese] O que há
de errado, Tsubasa?
What do you mean
you don't understand?
[groan]
Uh, if you don't
learn the language well,
you won't be able to
play in Brazil.
It just gets harder
every time.
[phone buzzing]
Oh... Excuse me...
I'm going to answer, okay?
What?
No, no way, young man.
There's no time out
in soccer.
-You hear me?
-It's Genzo Wakabayashi!
[Genzo]
Hello, Tsubasa.
How have you been?
I'm still here in Germany.
I train on a soccer field
in Hamburg every day.
Tell me something...
The National Tournament
in Japan
is about to start,
right?
Don't take this
the wrong way,
but I hope it's
a challenge for you
so you keep growing.
If not, I'll think your game
- will get stagnant.
-Hey, over here!
And I'll feel bad because
I'll be the only one
achieving his goals.
Tsubasa...
I want to talk to you about
someone I saw in Hamburg.
He's a very talented player.
In fact, I dare say he's
even better than you...
Huh?
[Taro]
Wakabayashi.
Huh?
[gasp]
It...
It's you.
[Genzo]
Yes...
And his name is Taro Misaki.
-[narrator] Episode 34:
-Hey, over here. I'm open.
- Fierce Battle Opening!
-I'm going to steal it
- Tournament Start.
-from you.
So then, you're living
in France now, huh?
The land of the Nobles.
If I remember correctly,
your dad's a painter, right?
Yes, that's right.
My dad's a painter.
I wasn't able to thank you
for that nice gift
you gave me last time.
That ball with
all of your signatures
has become a very
important thing for me.
[Genzo]
You know what, Misaki?
I'm also very grateful
for my gift.
It's already been
three years
since we last
saw each other.
I never imagined that
out of all people,
I'd run into you here,
in this German city.
Yes, it turns out that I'm
currently on vacation...
and I knew I'd
find you here.
So I came to see you.
Hey, but wait...
Why didn't you ever call us?
Nobody heard anything
from you.
We were worried about you.
[Taro]
I'm sorry.
I've been very busy
since I got here.
In fact...I just found out
you were going to be here...
in Hamburg from
a soccer magazine.
Seriously?
You found out about me
through a magazine?
Mhm.
And according to
the article,
you've greatly improved.
[Genzo]
Yeah, but not enough...
since I'm still playing
in Division II.
But I'm not worried,
because...
I'm positive that
I'll soon be playing
in the professional leagues.
Yes, I'm sure you will.
Tell me something, Misaki...
You're still playing soccer,
am I right?
Yes, of course.
[chuckle]
It doesn't matter
where I am.
I keep playing soccer
on my own.
In fact, here in Europe,
soccer is more serious
-than in our beloved Japan.
-Hey, I'm open!
They have a very
interesting style.
It is.
And I'm happy you haven't
abandoned the game.
French soccer
is very similar
to soccer in Latin America,
because it allows you to
-grow independently.
-I'm open! Pass!
It's practically
a more artistic style.
Wooh!
We can do this!
Hey, listen,
what do you say...
if we practice like
the good old days, huh?
-Mhm.
-Here! Get the ball!
I thought you'd never ask!
-Hey, guys...
-Over here!
-Can we play?
-Yeah!
Hey, man, pass the ball!
-Hey!
-Get the ball!
[gasps]
Wow, he's fast.
Misaki...
[Genzo]
Tsubasa...
He has everything he needs
to play professionally.
He is incredible.
Ready?
Here we go!
[gasps]
[Genzo]
Taro Misaki...
is a soccer genius.
Huh?
[chuckles]
Misaki, you're amazing.
Can you tell us how
we can shoot like that?
Well, honestly,
it's not that difficult.
You just...
have to practice
with the ball
every single day
and without fail.
That will give you
the skills you need
to control it.
[chuckles]
But the most
important thing...
is to become friends
with the ball.
A good friend from Japan
taught me that.
[chuckles]
[Genzo] I'm sending you
the picture from that day
and attached is
Misaki's address in France.
-[chuckle]
-[Genzo]
Tsubasa...
Do everything you can
to become a professional
soccer player.
Take care of yourself,
my friend.
Sincerely,
Genzo Wakabayashi.
[Tsubasa] So then
Misaki has been in France
this entire time?
No wonder we never saw him
in tournaments
here in Japan.
I feel inspired.
Now more than ever,
I must excel,
so I can be at their level.
They both play at
a higher level now.
They learned
the European style.
Now, it's my turn
to go to Brazil
and play professionally.
And one day...
we'll play in
the national league.
That...
is my biggest dream.
All right, Carlos,
break is over.
We must keep on studying.
[Portuguese]  É assim que
se fala, garoto.
Resolvaon exercísson.
[Tsubasa] [Portuguese]
Será muito fácil.
[Yukari] What?
You're leaving
so soon, Hiroshi?
Yes, I'm sorry.
I had planned to spend
some time with you
at your house
and then keep watching
the Nankatsu team practice,
but I changed my mind
in the end.
After watching
one of their games,
I realized we had
no time to lose.
We must practice
so we can become stronger.
Even though we're
a superior team,
we can't afford to take
any chances.
Yes, we can't rest on
our laurels.
We must train.
-Yep, that's right!
-Yukari, send this message
to the Nankatsu guys.
Tell them the Hirado team
will break
their winning streak
and we'll be the National
Tournament's new champions.
[knocking]
[Takeshi]
Hey, Coach, it's me.
Come on in.
We have a huge problem, sir.
Hyuga disappeared.
We can't find him anywhere.
What did you say?
I still can't believe it...
He said I'm a tiger
who's lost his fangs.
-Woah!
-[Ryo] Woah! What?!
So Misaki's in France?
-[Tsubasa ]Yep.
-[Ryo] L-Let's see!
Oh, he looks great.
Oh wow, it's true.
It's him!
-Look, you guys.
-Ah!
-Huh?
Oh, but he's
so handsome.
Hey, guys, who is he?
He's a friend that used to
play with us here.
His name's Taro Misaki.
He and Tsubasa were
the famous golden duo.
He was the best in assists,
remember?
That's impressive.
I never imagined someone
would be at the Captain's...
level.
No, Tsubasa is the best.
Hmm...
You liked Misaki,
-am I right?
-[gasp]
Who me?
Of course not.
-Don't say that.
-[chuckle]
[narrator]
The Nankatsu School
is close to winning
the Triple Championship
thanks to its Captain,
Tsubasa.
While the rival teams
train very hard
to steal their title
and break
their winning streak.
- Hikaru Matsuyama:
-Listen up, guys.
- Furano Middle School.
-This time, we will beat
-the Nankatsu team!
-Yes!
-[narrator] The Tachibana Twins:
-Pay close attention,
- Hanawa Middle School.
-because as of now,
we'll become
the new golden duo.
Get ready to lose
this time, Nankatsu.
[narrator] Makoto Soda:
Azumaichi Middle School.
We will win for sure.
No doubt about it.
[panting]
[Hiroshi] Come on,
work faster!
-[narrator] Hiroshi Jito:
-We must be ready to beat
- Hirado Middle School.
-the Nankatsu team.
Yeah!
With Nationals
knocking on their door,
no one wants to leave
anything to chance
and they're giving it
their best.
[panting]
[narrator] Meanwhile,
in Okinawa...
What are you doing?
You have to move faster!
No wonder Japanese soccer
has a bad reputation.
-[grunts]
-Soccer is all about
strength and agility.
If you can't kick the water,
you'll never be
good players.
-Yeah!
Coach Kira.
So you came...
Finally, Koijro.
Yes, sir.
[Kitazume]
Where's Hyuga?
If any one of you knows
where he is...
-Huh?
-you must tell me right now.
-Hey, Coach...
We think that the Captain
went to Okinawa
to visit Coach Kira.
What is that?
Who is that?
I've never heard of
that trainer.
Do you think
he's in Okinawa?
Uhh...
Yes, sir.
How dare he abandon
the school.
If he got accepted here,
it was only due to
Miss Kaori's decision.
You hear me?!
He's on a scholarship!
Abandoning his team
is irresponsible.
Please don't you worry,
Coach.
I'm pretty sure he'll be
back before the tournament.
I'm not interested.
He can stay there
for all I care.
His prep school and
university scholarships
will be revoked after
such an act.
-What?
Forget about him.
We'll play without Hyuga.
-What, sir?
-But coach, sir...
[narrator]
The previous day...
Ah...
Finally,
a moment to rest.
Man, that was a workout.
Hey, guys,
according to that magazine,
we're still
the favorite team.
Oh, lemme see that.
Oh! They interviewed
Mr. Katagiri.
Huh?
It says they've searched
high and low
and there's no one
in this country
capable of defeating
Tsubasa Ozora.
Well, yeah,
Tsubasa is very good.
That's true, but I think
he's exaggerating.
If Hyuga and the others
read this,
they're going to
lose their minds.
[Katagiri]
No, I wasn't exaggerating.
No one in this country can
rival your talent, kiddo.
[Katagiri]
Tsubasa, I really hope
something big happens
in this next tournament...
to put some pressure on you.
Because if not,
you won't be able to grow
as a soccer player.
I also hope I face someone
that challenges me.
But even then,
I won't be defeated.
To earn the right
to go to Brazil,
I must be the best in Japan.
[Ryo]
What is this?!
Huh?
What's the matter, Ishizaki?
What did you read?
Look at the note
right below.
It says here Hyuga
has disappeared.
And they haven't
heard from him...
in an entire week.
Huh?
[announcer] An enormous typhoon
is ramming the main island
of Okinawa.
We recommend that
all inhabitants
stay in their homes
until further notice.
[yelling]
[grunts]
Take that!
[yelling]
[grunts]
[panting]
I won't give up.
Look at that.
The new guy from Tokyo
keeps training
against the waves.
What is he
trying to do, huh?
You know, man,
that's very dangerous.
He hasn't stopped
since this morning.
I found out the coach makes
him train until midnight.
Get up now!
I really don't understand
what he's trying to do here.
[student 2]
Yeah, me neither...
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
but whatever it is,
it must be important
for him.
[panting]
Come on, Kojiro.
[yeling]
[grunt]
No.
This time...
I don't intend to lose.
Tsubasa Ozora...
I will defeat you!
[gasp]
[tiger roar]
[Mr. Kira] Only a shot with
enough explosive power
is capable of penetrating
the waves.
Your feet...
are anchored in the sand,
impeding the incoming waves.
You've finally done it,
Kojiro.
[pants]
[Mr. Kira]
You've finally awoken...
the true power of the tiger
within you.
- Now...go get your prey...
-[panting]
and show him your power.
[panting]
[narrator] The day of
the Tournament has arrived!
The bus has arrived.
Everyone, onboard.
-Uhh... Yeah!
This can't be.
Hyuga still isn't here.
What do we do?
It looks like we'll have to
play without our Captain.
[Mr. Kira]
Kojiro...
Kojiro!
[groaning]
Wake up, Kojiro.
[narrator]
And we're back.
[groaning]
[reac] Hello, Coach Kira.
You've finally regained
your spirit.
Ah...
[gasp]
This is an airplane ticket
to Tokyo.
Now go, Kojiro...
and show them the power
of the tiger.
[snicker]
I will.
Hurry up.
If we don't hurry up,
we won't be able to
catch Tsubasa.
I really would like to
interview him
before the National
Tournament.
Yeah, I understand.
Hey, boss...
Did you see that?
[gasp]
[Nozaki]
It's Tsubasa.
What is he doing here?
[grunt]
-No, it can't be.
-[gasp]
He's actually
trying to do...
It's not good.
I have a long way to go.
Tsubasa...
You have to learn
to do my swerve shot.
If not, you won't be able
to play professionally.
It's a curve shot
that serves to fool
the goalie.
Tsubasa...
if you master
this technique,
you'll be ready to play
in Brazil
and the rest of the world.
[Tsubasa]
Roberto.
I promise I will...
I'll learn how to do it.
I swear it!
[cheering]
[announcer] We are in
the Opening Ceremony.
Yesterday, a typhoon
rammed
the island of Okinawa,
but fortunately,
we have great weather
here in Saitama.
Clear skies and the sun
is shining and warming up
the soccer field.
The players are entering
the stadium.
Representing
the Shizuoka prefecture,
is the Nankatsu team.
Here to win
the Triple Championship!
And now entering,
are the other
competing teams
who will try to defeat
the champions.
This time...
the rules of
the tournament have changed.
Any team defeated
in a game
will be automatically
eliminated
from the tournament.
Here we see
Nankatsu's captain
handing in
the Champion's flag.
We are going to win
this year.
Yes, brother.
Humph!
We will be the champions
this year, team.
This year, we're going to
take the champion banner
back home...
Am I right team?
-Yes!
No, never.
I'm not planning on
giving you this banner.
It belongs to us,
and we'll win it once again.
Hey, guys, take a look.
-Huh?
[Ryo]
Hyuga...
isn't with the Toho team.
[Mamoru]
Yeah, that's true.
[Yayoi]
Hello, Sanae.
-Huh?
It's been a while.
Hello, Yayoi.
Hey, I'm over here.
Who is she--?
Hello.
How are you doing?
[Sanae]
Hi, Misugi.
[swoon]
Yukari!
What's wrong with you?
Please control yourself.
Oh...
Well it looks like
things are improving, right?
Oh, Sanae, please come on.
What are you talking about?
I'm sorry
you didn't qualify
for the tournament
this year.
It's a real shame.
Oh...
Uh, um...
Yeah, but honestly,
I think it was for the best.
[announcer]
After the ceremony,
we will begin with
the first match.
To start our tournament,
we'll have the Nankatsu
from Shizuoka
playing against
the Azumaichi team
from Osaka.
The next match will be
the Toho team against
the Matsukami team.
These are the only games
we'll get to
appreciate today
in the National Tournament's
opening day.
All right, now let's see
how much you've improved.
I wonder if they'll play
like they did before,
brother.
-[Katagiri] Mr. Mikami.
-Huh?
Uh...
It's you, Mr. Katagiri.
Did you also come
to see Nankatsu?
Yes, that's exactly right.
Apparently, this year,
the rest of the teams
have acquired
a superior playing level.
It'll be interesting to see
if any of them
will give the Nankatsu team
a good fight.
Well, I sure hope so.
That's the only way
the Nankatsu team
will be able to grow.
Hmm?
[narrator] Team Nankatsu's
Locker Room...
[Ryo] I think we're
having bad luck
this time, you guys.
They're going to make us
play against
Furano and Hanawa
soon after.
We're practically in
the same block.
You see?
It won't be easy
to get to the end
against Toho.
There are a lot of
strong teams.
It doesn't matter
who we play against...
Listen, we will win
this tournament once again.
And The Triple Championship
will be ours.
Yeah!
Yeah, we're gonna do it!
Manabu.
-Huh?
-No body's going to be able
-Tell me something...
-to stop us!
-It's the first time that
-We've got this!
Azumaichi plays in
this tournament, right?
Well, yeah,
they're the ones
that disqualified
the Naniwa team.
Am I right?
Mhm.
Yes, in fact,
they defeated them easily.
The Azumaichi team
is known for
adapting to
their opponents defense
and then counterattack.
But the interesting part
is that
their goal scorer
isn't a forward,
he only plays defense.
What?
His name is Makoto Soda.
He's number 7 in his team
and he's their main defense.
-Huh?
[makoto] According to
the score board,
the Azumaichi team
has the most points
in their city.
That player, Soda,
was able to defeat Nakanishi
quite easily.
So he plays defense...
Finally, a worthy opponent
for me.
-[chuckles]
-He seems to be
very excited.
If you want,
we can let you
score the first goal
of the soccer match.
That's precisely what
I'm thinking of doing.
-[gasp]
-What?!
I was only kidding,
you know?
-[door opening]
-Huh?
Start warming up, guys.
The match is about to begin
in a few minutes.
-Yes!
[narrator] Team Azumaichi's
locker room...
[Ikeda]
Listen up,
the important thing is
to mark Tsubasa Ozora.
If you keep him
under control,
we'll win the soccer match.
-Yes!
-Yeah!
That will be your job, Soda.
Don't forget that.
I'm counting on you, boy.
Don't you worry, Coach.
I've been wanting to face
the champion
for a long time now.
And I'll humiliate him
in front of everybody.
Let's see if he can
go up against our team
and my razor shot.
[narrator]
In the meantime,
Toho Academy's
soccer match...
will begin in
a few minutes
in the second stadium.
The game will begin
in 90 minutes.
Please be sure to get
enough rest, okay?
-Yes!
-Yeah!
-Huh?
-[Ken] It's...
-Whoa...
our captain.
Captain Hyuga!
Coach, I'm back...
and ready to win
the tournament.
Hyuga...
you're not playing...
I'm sorry.
[gasp]
[Ken] Huh?
But Coach, please...
[Takeshi]
Coach, hold on...
[gasp]
[panting]
-[Takeshi] Hurry up.
-[grunt]
[panting]
[cheering]
[Hanji] [laugh] Looks like
we made it in time.
-Go, fight, win!
-Go! Go! Go!
-Fight and win!
-Azumaichi!
-Go, fight! Go, fight!
-Go and win! Nankatsu!
[Hanji]
Ishizaki!
-Huh?
Here we are,
just as we promised.
[Ryo] It's Hanji and
the rest of them.
Now you keep your promise!
You have to win for us,
you got that?
Come on Nankatsu!
I'll never forgive you
if you lose.
Don't worry,
that's not gonna happen...
[Makoto]
Hey, you!
-Shut up!
-Huh?
Would you be quiet now?
And who are you?
If I were you,
I wouldn't be so sure
you're gonna win this.
What did you say, you idiot?
-Huh?
-Stop, calm down.
You're Tsubasa Ozora,
am I right?
You don't seem as strong
as everyone says.
It's a pleasure.
I'm in charge of
marking you.
Hey, young man.
-Mind your manners here.
-Huh?
If you keep harassing
the other teams,
I'll be forced to
throw you out of the game.
Do you hear me?
Go to your side, now!
All right. I've understood.
I'm sorry.
That player was Makoto Soda.
[announcer] The referee
flips the coin
and Nankatsu
has the ball.
All the players
are in position.
[Mamoru]
This time, we'll fight...
[Ryo] ...for the Triple
Championship.
[Hajime]
They won't defeat us.
[Yuzo]
No one will score.
[Teppei]
I'm ready.
[announcer] The referee
checks his watch...
[whistle]
[announcer] And the National
Tournament has begun!
Bunch of idiots...
They don't know who they're
facing this time around!
[yell]